learning_references/Level 1: Coding Basics.md, before:

# Level 1: Coding Basics

Here you can find links to programming tutorials which you will use in your Data Science Practice. They will tend focus more on the fundamentals of the programming languages (such as syntax) and help you get comfortable with code.

## Python
- [Learn Python 2](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-python) - Codecademy
- [Python Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/python/) - w3schools
- [Introduction to Python](https://www.datacamp.com/courses/intro-to-python-for-data-science) - DataCamp
- [Learn Python - Full Course for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfscVS0vtbw) - freeCodeCamp.org (YouTube)

## R
- [R Tutorial](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/r/index.htm) - tutorialspoint
- [Introduction to R](https://www.datacamp.com/courses/free-introduction-to-r) - DataCamp
- [R Tutorial For Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDrhZb2onWY) - edureka! (YouTube)

## SQL
- [Learn SQL](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-sql) - Codecademy
- [SQL in a Nutshell: Part 1 — Basic Real-World Scenarios](https://towardsdatascience.com/sql-in-a-nutshell-part-1-basic-real-world-scenarios-33a25ba8d220) - Towards Data Science

## Unix Commands (to help you with the command line/prompt)
- [Basic UNIX commands](http://mally.stanford.edu/~sr/computing/basic-unix.html) - Stanford

## Disclaimer

This project is definitely a work in progress and we would love to see your contributions in this. Our limited experience will limit the resources shown here, but with your help we can make this the hub for anyone who wants to learn Data Science related skills and tools!

Commit message:

add python v r in Level 1 md

learning_references/Level 1: Coding Basics.md, after:

# Level 1: Coding Basics

Here you can find links to programming tutorials which you will use in your Data Science Practice. They will tend focus more on the fundamentals of the programming languages (such as syntax) and help you get comfortable with code.

## Python
Python is a more general programming language which made its way into becoming a powerful Data Science tool because of its readability and simplicity.
- [Learn Python 2](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-python) - Codecademy
- [Python Tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/python/) - w3schools
- [Introduction to Python](https://www.datacamp.com/courses/intro-to-python-for-data-science) - DataCamp
- [Learn Python - Full Course for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfscVS0vtbw) - freeCodeCamp.org (YouTube)

## R
R is a programming language which has its roots in the sciences and research. Its extensive background in statistics and computation makes it another powerful Data Science tool.
- [R Tutorial](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/r/index.htm) - tutorialspoint
- [Introduction to R](https://www.datacamp.com/courses/free-introduction-to-r) - DataCamp
- [R Tutorial For Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDrhZb2onWY) - edureka! (YouTube)

## Python vs R
This is a question that is frequently asked. Many use both, some have strong preferences, and we don't want to say one is better than the other. These resources should help you which you might want to focus on or learn first!
- [Choosing R or Python for Data Analysis? An Infographic](https://www.datacamp.com/community/tutorials/r-or-python-for-data-analysis) - DataCamp
- [R vs Python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js6C2mLXEDw) - edureka! (YouTube)

## SQL
SQL (or Sequel) is the most widely used database querying structures. If you wanna get data from your company's database, it's likely going to require you to use SQL.
- [Learn SQL](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-sql) - Codecademy
- [SQL in a Nutshell: Part 1 — Basic Real-World Scenarios](https://towardsdatascience.com/sql-in-a-nutshell-part-1-basic-real-world-scenarios-33a25ba8d220) - Towards Data Science

## Unix Commands (to help you with the command line/prompt)
- [Basic UNIX commands](http://mally.stanford.edu/~sr/computing/basic-unix.html) - Stanford

## Disclaimer

This project is definitely a work in progress and we would love to see your contributions in this. Our limited experience will limit the resources shown here, but with your help we can make this the hub for anyone who wants to learn Data Science related skills and tools!
